Laravel, configuration files are stored inside the config folder that's for all default.
Laravel Configuration settings are kept.
It's also the place where any new config files should land.
If, for example, you install some third party librarian, let's open the database config file.
It contains predefined config for different database systems like my school or postcrisis.
It lets you configure the default connection to use.
Now, apart from a literal settings values, notice how the end function is used in places, that's
pretty important.
Let's dig into that some settings for your app.
Describe your application, general behaviour and preferences.
But other settings might include credentials.
Like database username and password.
Some say things might be different for your application, depending on environment you run it in locally,
you might use files for cash on production, you'd use something like redis.
Environment specific configuration can be achieved using environment variables, there are system level,
server level, environmental variables and ones that are defined in a special dot and file.
Let's take a look at this diagram to understand how Laravel gets the final configuration value.
So, as we have said, there are multiple configuration files and if for a certain setting, the end
function is not used, we just use the literal setting value.
If and if it's used well, we first check if there is an environment variable on the server level or
system level.
If there is, we return the server or system level value.
If there is not, we check if there is a dot and file in the project route.
If there is one, we read this environment variable value from this file.
If there is no such file, we read the default value provided in the end of function, if, of course
there is one.
Now back to the code editor.
The Delta and file should have been created for you when you created the Laravel project.
It's always created by copying the dot and dot example file.
If you don't see the dot and fail in your project created now and copied the contents from dot and dot
example note, you should never commit the dot and the file to source control, only share the dot and
dot example file, which might contain all environmental variables that need to be defined without really
containing any values or just having some dummy defaults.
You don't share that dirt and file for security reasons not to expose any potential secrets or passwords
that you might have in this dot and file.